Congratulations on reaching the end of this course.
I'm a timber checker from the loan program the academy and the loan program Academy is the publisher
of this course.
So this quick video is set designed to get some free and valuable development information into your
hands today.
You know when I was studying way back in the 1980s witch hunt was a long time ago.
It was hard to succeed as a programmer.
There was no internet for starters but also other than books or universities or colleges.
There really was no way to basically talk to anyone or get access to the information you needed to succeed.
So you were largely on your own in other words.
So I wanted to change all that and give you all the tools and information you need to succeed.
And as such I'm trying to pass on my wisdom and experience to make your goals of becoming a programmer
or getting a better programming job.
I make that goal a reality for you.
So I'm gonna promise you here here now that the information that I've put together is really useful.
He was a developer and it will make a difference.
So let me explain the information I'm giving away to you.
Free today.
So firstly I'm giving a free access to my learn to code course.
And in this course it's different to the courses that I've been producing or Udemy because it's designed
to help you understand how programming works but how computers work under the hood.
So I'm talking right down to circuits and switches how the hardware works but also how where computers
talk in any one language binary and machine code.
Things like that nature which you don't normally learn in a particular course.
So all of this though is designed to teach you information you need as proof from a perspective of a
program that's going to help you or make you a better programmer.
Long term that's the sole aim in that course.
So you can access to that free.
Next I'm going to give you free access again to my programmers guide in e-book format.
Now that also has over 100 related videos which will get access to well as if I can get it out access
to as well on all aspects of your programming career.
So the e-book and videos collectively answer pretty well all the important questions certainly the majority
of them are relating to basically programming careers and some of the sample questions that are actually
answers is how long does it take to become a developer whether you need a degree to make it as a developer
what's the number one skill we need to have to succeed as a programmer.
Now are you too old to become a developer and what other one do you need to be good at math to succeed
as a programmer.
But there's a ton more over 100 as I mentioned in the 160 videos as of the date that I'm recording this
video and you'll get all of those the answers to those questions and look I even take requests for future
videos.
So if you've got a particular question and it's not answered in the over 100 the birdie answered some
of your message and I actually do a video on that as well.
So basically anything you need to know about your programming career is answered in the e-book and also
the related videos.
What else is still what more did not say this is all for anyway I'm selling something that's for free
anyway.
But seriously though I'll also give you access to my programmers career paths people and this is something
that is really important because it shows you the exact courses that you need to study to achieve your
career goals.
So in other words as an example do you want to be a web developer.
I'll give you the lowdown on the specific courses you need to become a web developer.
Do you want to say right cross platform apps for mobile apps for IOW an android study these courses.
Again I'll go through those particular courses perhaps want to get into the Java Enterprise space.
When I do that study these courses so on and so forth so I'm putting the finishing touches now to that
guide and depending when you're watching this video it may already be available but if not it won't
be far away.
Either case you'll be getting access to that particular e-book for free as well.
All right and lastly cause I know this video is dragging on a bit.
The learn programming Academy's channel has 40 other courses here and you to me.
So I'm going to give you the information a bit of a summary of what each of those courses are all about
but also with a big discount link to get them at the best price possible as well.
So what's the catch here.
How much to pay.
Seriously though I'm not really a salesman.
No catch.
It's a hundred percent free.
Right.
How do you access this material or download the e-book.
That's right.
In this lecture that you're watching right now just click on the resources that you can see on screen
now on this particular lecture and click on the bonus PDA of which you can see there.
Open it up and it's got everything you need to access all the information that I've talked about here
today.
So thanks for watching and you may find you need to be logged onto a computer to get the e-book because
it may or may not show up if you're on a mobile device.
So if you don't see it showing up when you're clicking on resources or in fact resources doesn't show
up lock into a computer and you should have access to that.
Just click it as I said open it up and the information is in that PDA.
But if you do get stuck.
Drop me a message on udemy and I'll get back to you and make sure that you do actually get the access
to that PDA today.
All right so I get to download the e-book right now while you remember.
And thanks again for watching.
And I look forward to hearing about your future success.